alright what's up its me a gym 95 here
to tell you that I made some of my own
fireworks like I see everyone else and
used to making as you can see here I
made like three big bombs and six mini
bombs
well these as you can see they are like
piccolo peat bombs that's what actually
use but I said they're like pants on
whistlers which is a exact same thing
and I got two liter bottles like two
three litre bottles a little bag as you
can see from the lids right there and I
put powder inside the bag put the cap on
made a holes in the caps and just put
the fuse and I made those three ones
right here these three on each side
these little mini bombs the same thing
but instead of using that I used
morning-glories I use like one stick or
like two sticks of morning-glories for
one little bomb and it's pretty cheap
well the morning though the morning
glories are like 10 bucks and you get
like you buy one get one free it's all
right
and I made six of them well because I
was born yeah these I'm eternal out of
those like crackling balls or they're
called blasts they're like Little Rock's
and I got some ping pong balls and cut
it open and put like three three of the
other crackling balls inside one ping
pong ball and I made three of those put
some tape around it and put aluminum
foil and just put the fuse on top and
that's it
and for these I use Morning Glory powder
they're like these little green balls
over here these are the crackling balls
I just opened it and I'm gonna reuse it
cuz like I said I was bored so I just
made it anyway
yeah and I just put like about yeah like
two stew to each of two sticks of
morning-glories inside so there's like
about like eight sticks of
morning-glories used right here and what
these these green balls are just gonna
like light up
you're gonna see like fire come out and
then like it might change color that's
always going to do these aluminum foil
balls you're gonna see that they're
gonna explode like a little like a
little like a Soph explosion and shoot
out like little sparkly rocks around and
these ill will have a loud explosion
these big bombs and it'll be really loud
like like really loud and ever want to
hear it and yeah it's pretty crazy and
this is egm bomb which is yeah my name
that's right destruction bomb and loud
explosion bomb which basically they do
the same thing but they're just like
different titles these mini bombs as you
know they will just explode there won't
be as strong as these bombs cuz they're
way bigger better powder this white
powder these are a black powder if you
want to know
and there's the morning glories I use
these are the balls I had leftover and
oh yeah I also like it's when I got the
fuses for these I cut some of the fuses
in half so I could use even more and I
used some one before because I was like
messing around testing and testing them
so yeah and these are just some like
like fountains that I got for my sister
and she's gonna like use some of them
she loves to use these if she wants this
is matter yeah these are the ground
blooms and mountain Moondance
yeah well these folks right now I'm a
light them up like later today so if you
want to check it out I might post
another video so just leave some
comments whatever you want write some
comments I don't care whatever
you want I don't really give a crap you
guys say about these bombs but these are
pretty sick oh yeah I also spray-painted
them I forgot to say that it's all
spray-painted white so I feel like
titles on them yeah that's right it's a
pretty crazy creative creative right and
creative I love these like big bombs
right here creativity that's it straight
yeah I will later then buh-bye